docs(contributing): how to release (#39)
americanexpress/fetchye: CONTRIBUTING.md

Please review our [Security Policy](./SECURITY.md). Please follow the instructions outlined in the policy.

## Releasing fetchye

> 1. Run `npm run lerna:version` locally from your release branch. This would push your release changes(changelog and tags) to the branch on github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn lerna:version` locally from your release branch. This will push your release changes (changelog and tags) to the branch on github.
```

2. Create a pull request from your branch to the `main` branch with your changes.

> 3. Once the changes are approved ensure you merge the changes and provide the commit message for the merge as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the changes are approved ensure you select `Squash and merge` and provide the commit message for the merge as
```
